Hide landscaping tools when scenario disallows landscaping (#19805)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Feature: [#19547] Add large sloped turns to hybrid coaster and single rail coaster.
- Improved: [#18490] Reduce guests walking through trains on level crossing next to station.

> - Improved: [#18995] When land changes are disallowed, disable the Land and Water windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved: [#18995] When land changes are disallowed, the Land and Water tools can no longer be opened.
```
